Congratulations, you have been asked by your buddy Joe to fix
his PC that he uses at his auto body shop, Joe's Auto.
Joe asked you to investigate how to secure the PC he uses for business. You see?
Previous employees used it for things not related to business such as personal email,
social media, and even playing games.
Now he wants to use it for his sensitive and critical business information,
so your job is using
industry best practices and what you learned in this class to secure it.
The process of analyzing and applying
security techniques happens daily in workplaces around the globe.
What you're doing in this project is what I
do on a daily basis as a cybersecurity professional.
This product gives you the opportunity to apply what
you've learned in the course by investigating a Windows 10 PC,
securing it, and then explaining what you
found and what you've done in your security report.
The same skills you use to secure one machine here is the
same you can use to secure thousands in a large organization.
Have fun with this project.